last year I crowned the new 15 inch
razor blade as being one of the best
gaming laptops you could get in that
premium segment and it's been updated
this year with some new r-tx hardware
with other nice features now older
generations of razor blades have often
had issues with thermals because the
company is very focused on making the
devices really thin and really
nice-looking and when you do that it
just makes it harder to cool these
things properly so I was worried that
this new GPU like the new RTX GPUs would
run a little bit hotter but it actually
doesn't even their top-of-the-line 20/80
max-q runs at acceptable temperatures
it's clearly not the coolest running
laptop on the market but it doesn't
throttle for what I would consider like
average gaming now if you run in like a
really warm climate like if you're
running in like South America or just
places that are just ambiently really
warm then you're probably going at
different results from me I live in
Canada it's also the winter right now
but thermally even the 2080 max-q their
hottest running GPU available runs
perfectly fine performance on this GPU
is great it's pushing at incredibly high
frame rates especially for a thin and
light laptop now when it comes to
pricing are just like value and like
bang for your buck we'll get into that
discussion a little bit but I don't feel
most people should be getting the
top-of-the-line
20/80 msq spec I'll explain in a little
bit when it comes to video production
however the 2080 mxq doesn't give much
of a performance increase over the 1070
as it currently stands I wouldn't pick
up like the RT X devices just for video
production they're definitely more
gaming oriented there are a few other
differences between the 2019 and the
2018 model the 2019 is a fractionally
thicker but it's pretty much
imperceptible build quality still
remains really good and you can get in a
black finish or a silvery white finish
that they call mercury I much prefer
that silvery white look partially
because it doesn't have that glowing
green logo up front but if you like the
green snakes you got to go for the black
one the webcam up at the top now
supports Windows hello it's got an
infrared camera so you can log in to
your computer with just facial
recognition which is nice the keyboards
also had a little bit of a tweak so
previously the Razer chroma lighting did
not light up for the secondary function
of function keys like so like volume
control brightness control you couldn't
see that stuff in the dark it was a
little bit annoying if you want to
adjust any of those
in a completely dark room but now you
can see all of those function keys the
trackpad remains unchanged the shift
button on the keyboard also remains
unchanged in I've said this in previous
videos but if you're new here the right
shift key is in a weird spot relative to
the arrow keys and the question mark key
like I'll sometimes hit shift up instead
of shift question mark but that's just a
personal thing I feel like people that
know how to type properly don't use the
right shift at all but I'm just like
that I'm a bad type err okay the rest of
the device hasn't changed much
physically the speakers are still pretty
good and the internal still remain the
same you still have access to the Wi-Fi
card RAM and the SSD the battery also
remains unchanged 80 watt hours still
getting around five and a half hours a
battery life with the screen at 215 it's
now the question that I think is the
most important with this particular
video is whether or not you should get
the new 2019 Razer Blade now I did a
video recently that told people
basically not to buy the art CX gaming
laptops right now just because I feel
like for most of the market it's just
not a good value compared to the 10
series devices that are available at
relatively cheaper prices and that same
kind of I guess message holds true with
the Razer Blade but there's a little bit
of a I guess adjustment when it comes to
this particular device the
configurations of the Razer Blade are
currently quite expensive and
particularly the 2080 max-q that is a
model that is their top of the line
flagship device but the r-tx 2060 device
is not bad at the very least I think
it's the best value of the bunch for
most gamers and I say this because that
2060 actually has pretty decent
performance even compared to the 2070
max-q I think for most gamers and this
is just personal opinion it may just be
the games that I play and the type of
gaming that I enjoy
but most people that I know play their
games at lower quality graphics just to
maximize frame rates like it's much more
important for me to see my opponents to
see my teammates and be able to identify
them really quickly on the screen then
to see like a beautiful tree in the
background and notice its shadows and
light rays and stuff like that that's
not as important to me and I think for
most gamers they're kind of in the same
boat so if you take that same game and
you crank the graphics it now looks a
little bit better it's a lot more
demanding on your system but on a 1080p
15 inch screen it doesn't look that
different to me in terms of
gameplay so I feel like in our current
market with 1080p screens and games not
really taking massive advantage of
Archie X ray tracing capabilities for
most people they shouldn't be picking up
the 2070 and 2080 max cue devices for
this new razor blade the 2060 is a solid
option if you want to go razor blade and
the last year's model the 1070 max-q is
still a really good pickup oh one last
thing
a note on the screens so if you've
followed CES earlier this year
razor kind of showcase two new screen
options that they could potentially
bring in to these devices a 240 Hertz
panel which is gonna be awesome for
games and a OLED panel that's gonna look
amazing like absolutely amazing for
content creation I have used OLED panels
on laptops they look magnificent the
blacks are really inky black because the
pixels are off and the colors are really
vibrant so if you're interested in
picking up one of those future screens
like they aren't available right now but
if you're interested in future screens
the OLED panel is perfect for content
creation but they're not great for
gaming because the Refresh on those are
a little bit lower the current 144 Hertz
screens fantastic for gaming and even
for myself that requires a little bit of
color accuracy on my screen it's good
enough for video editing so that's
basically it 2019 razorblade solid
device very expensive but just make sure
you're picking up the right GPU for your
needs okay hope you guys enjoyed this
video thumbs if you liked it
subs if you loved it see you guys next
time
[Music]